Chino Valley Medical Center PMSR-RRA Podiatric Residency PODIATRIC MEDICINE AND SURGERY ROTATION ASSESSMENT
DATES OF ROTATION
RESIDENT
PLEASE CIRCLE THE NUMBER FROM THE SCALE BELOW WHICH BEST DESCRIBES THE RESIDENT ON EACH OF THE ITEMSSER DEFINITIONS PELOW POR PLANATION
Expert
Proficient
Competent
Advanced Beginner
Novice
No Opportunity to Evaluate
5
4
3
2
1
X
Novice - Has an incomplete understanding approaches tasks mechanistically and needs supervision to complete them.
Advanced Beginner - Has a working understanding, tends to see actions as a series of steps. can complete simpler tasks without supervision
Competent - Has a good working and background understanding, sees actions at least partly in context, able to complete work independently to a standard that is acceptable though it may lack refinement.
Proficient - Has a deep understanding, sees actions holistically, can achieve a high standard routinely.
Expert - Has an authoritative or deep holistic understanding deals with routine matters intuitively, able to go beyond existing interpretations, achieves excellence with ease.
WOUND CARE COMPETENCY
Demonstrates the ability to perform problem- 5 4 3 2 1 X focused histories and physical examinations Demonstrates the ability to order and interpret 5 4 3 2 1 diagnostic studies including imaging laboratory tests, pathology reports, or non-invasive vascular studies. 
Demonstrates the ability to formulate 5 4 3 2 1 X appropriate differential diagnoses. 
Demonstrates the ability formulate and 5,4,3,2,1,X implement appropriate plans of management. Demonstrates the ability to assess treatment 5 4 3 2 1 X plans and revise them as necessary. Demonstrates the ability to recognize common 5 4 3 2 1 X and complex infections of the lower extremity pertaining to wounds such as cellulitis, lymphangitis, abscess formation, and osteomyelitis. 
Demonstrates the ability to perform techniques 5 4 3 2 1 and procedures including injections, wound debridement, obtaining wound and bone cultures, aspirations, application of various

