EVOKER

UILD

Ca

A WIZARD WHO CREATES BITTER COLD, SEARING FLAME,
ROLLING THUNDER, CRACKLING LIGHTNING, AND BURNING ACID

Hir Diz:

1D6

At first level, you have Armor

6 hit points, plus your or Dexterity, and

 

Constitution modifier

Add your proficiency bonus to the
Weapons make with daggers, darts, slings. quarterstaffs, and light

crossbows. When wielding other weapons, yo
cy bonus to the attack rofl

proficis

 

Saving Add yo

Wisdom saving throw.

Your spelleasting is tied to your Intelligence, so it
should be your highest ability score. Your next
highest score should be Dexterity. to avoid
getting hit, followed by Constitution, to maintain
concentration when you are hit

 

You have special training or a certain knack in
two skills. Consider choosing two from Arcana,
History, and Investigation. When you make a
skill check using either of these skills, you add,
your proficiency bonus.

‘Starting Consider starting with the following, in addition
Equipment to the equipment granted by your background
+a dagger,
and a spelibook

ne focus, a scholar’s pack,

Spellg You can cast spells from the wizard spell list. You
(PHB 114) know three cantrips. Consider evocation
cantrips, such as dancing lights, fire bolt,

frostbite, shocking grasp, or thunderclap. You
-arry the rest of your spells in your spellbook,
which at first has six Istlevel spells. Consider
adding evocation spells to it, such as burning
hands, chromatic orb, earth tremor, magic
missile, and thunderwave. Round it out with find
familiar. You can prepare a number of spells

to 1 + your Intelligence modifier.

PROFICIENCIES

As a wizard, you aren't trained in the u
you wear armor of wield a shield, you hi

ability check, saving throw, o

 

ast spells. hours

 

@ FEATURE

 

 

ofarmoror shields. If Arcane Recovery
disadvantage on any (PHB115): Most
ack roll that inve spelicasters need 8

    

 

er any of their spent
ttack roll for any attack you spells. You only need

an hour of rest to re:

   

cover some of yours

 

 

 

Just make sure ye

have your spelbook

 

proficiency bonus when making an Intelligence or at hand

2nD LEVEL S

Your hit points increase by 146 + your

Con modifier. Unlike Ist level you must

roll for these hit points or take the average (4)

You gain another Hit Die (total of 246)

The gold and time you must spend to copy an
evocation spell into your spellbook is halved.

(PHB 117)

Sculpt You can spare at least two allies from the effect c

Spells your area spells.

(PHB 117)

Spells You gain another Ist-level spell slot. Add two
spells to your spelibook. You can prepare a
number of spells equal to 2 + your Intelligence

 

